# FULL: Ghislaine Maxwell Deposition July 24, 2025 (Audio Only)

## Summary
- That's a lie, we can bring a prosecution against you for what's called false statements.
- The most important part of this agreement is that this isn't a cooperation agreement.
- My name is Assistant Special Agent in Charge Spencer Horn of FBI New York.
- A copy of what's called a proper agreement, and I just want to spend two minutes making.
- Same people, sounds like, were certainly the Bear Stearns connection, was something that.
- However, almost as important is the fact that what this agreement does for you is.

## Action Items
- Here's, so, I believe you say that Jackie tried very hard, he started trying very hard to keep me, to work with Harry, because, I mean, this is a complex opportunity.
- Okay, so before we started recording, we met for a few minutes, I introduced myself.
- Cooler, when he came from back from Paris, and he arrested him, I don't know if evil is on the plane.
- You're working, you talked about when the physical relationship stopped, and then you're still working for him, or with him, managing his properties, and being serving as a general manager.
- However, if you were to testify, or if your lawyer called a witness to testify.
- The same thing goes to your lawyers, just to start a little bit very briefly.

## Deep Summary
- Here's, so, I believe you say that Jackie tried very hard, he started trying very hard to keep me, to work with Harry, because, I mean, this is a complex opportunity.
- Okay, so before we started recording, we met for a few minutes, I introduced myself.
- Cooler, when he came from back from Paris, and he arrested him, I don't know if evil is on the plane.
- You're working, you talked about when the physical relationship stopped, and then you're still working for him, or with him, managing his properties, and being serving as a general manager.

## Transcript
This will be the recording of a proper agreement of Delaine Maxwell from the Deputy Attorney. General, DOJ, and the time is currently 9/16. Maxwell and Council are arriving to the U. S. Attorney's Office, and we will commence. The proper shortly. My name is Assistant Special Agent in Charge Spencer Horn of FBI New York. Today we are doing a proper of Ms. Maxwell. The date is July 24th, and the time is 10-12 a. M. This interview is being recorded. Asking questions of Ms. Maxwell, I'm going to put on the record everybody that's in. This room in addition to me. Diego Pastana, Associate Deputy Attorney General, and then you heard from Special Agent in. Yes, this is David Oscar-Markus, and I'm Council for Delaine Maxwell. And I'm, I'm Kielaine Maxwell. Okay, so before we started recording, we met for a few minutes, I introduced myself. And we chatted, and now I told you that we were going on the record. And before we start asking questions, I know that you've been given by your lawyer. A copy of what's called a proper agreement, and I just want to spend two minutes making. Sure that you understand what governs our conversation today. The most important part of this agreement is that this isn't a cooperation agreement. I'm not promising to do anything, I'm not promising to ask Judge Nathan or any of. The judges that's been assigned to your case to do anything, we're just talking. And so that's the most important, important part of this agreement. However, almost as important is the fact that what this agreement does for you is. It gives you protection. So what it means is that the government cannot use what you say today against you,. With some exceptions, which we'll talk about in a minute. But whatever you talk about today, you have what's called immunity. So that means that the words that you say today, we cannot use against you in a case. >> There's exceptions to that. The most meaningful one of which is that if you say something today that's not true,. That's a lie, we can bring a prosecution against you for what's called false statements. And if you lie to someone that's like me or like Special Agent Horn, it's a crime. So you have to be truthful. The other exception to this that doesn't necessarily apply directly to you. But if there ever was a retrial in your case, or if there ever was a criminal case,. A future criminal case against you, and your lawyer or you said something different,. Or took a position that's different than what you say today,. We can then cross-examine you or witness based upon what you say today. So it's a little bit nuanced, meaning I can't use what you say against you in our case in chief. However, if you were to testify, or if your lawyer called a witness to testify. And they said something that is totally different than what you say today,. When we met with Miss Maxwell back in July of 2025, she told us and then say what she said, okay? I understand. Okay, other than that, I know you didn't have a lot of time this morning. To meet with Mr. Marcus, but did you have a chance to go over this briefly with him? , I did. Okay, all right, so I've already signed it, as has especially horn,. And Mr. Marcus signed it as well, so we've got a time to please sign it right where it says clients, yep. And I will provide a copy of this to your lawyer, so you guys have it. Thank you. Yep, there we see. Okay, we're just confirming that it works, and it does. Miss Maxwell, I guess about a week and a half or two weeks ago,. Government about not only your case, but about everything that's been in the media. And that's been publicized about Mr. Epstein in your case. Very true to anyone, because no one in the government at any time ever would be since. The inception of the case, so it doesn't matter the early two councils, because ever. Spoke with me and indeed I believe ever reached out to me at any time to even speak to it,. And that it leads up to when I was indicted and posted to it, and I believe that I understand,. I wanted to speak to him because I was very true to anyone so that I could tell and. Have to ask me any question, I've never had any problem just to speak to anybody,. And I offered myself, and I kept asking if I would be able to speak to the government. For every reason, because I was not happy. Okay, I have questions that I want to ask you, but I'm not, if there's a path that,. A question that I'm not asking that you think should be asked, I invite you to volunteer,. The same thing goes to your lawyers, just to start a little bit very briefly. Can you talk about when you first met Mr. Epstein, I know that goes back a while,. And just very generally talk about your relationship with Mr. Epstein from the time. I've never heard of him or met him before, and no one in my family had ever either. I have never met him, and I'll explain why that is the case. Where did you, where did you meet him? I had a girlfriend who, I was, yeah, I moved to America briefly in,. Well, I moved to America in 1990, and I, well, moved, I couldn't visit America in 1990. I had been running my own company at home until that time, which was a company called,. Actually a corporate case, and I had also been working for my father at the time. I've had multiple jobs within my, in 1990, I was working with a new company of his,. A new speaker that he was working, he was working with here, and I was in charge of. Launching a magazine to go with the movie. And I was traveling at that time,. Traveling to America, because my father was looking to, well, we should do so, but many,. They're full time about him, but that's a much longer story. I don't think we need to go into it. This time. So, but I was always working with anyone. There was no escaping who it was to work for him. So in 1990, I had come over to New York to help look at some of the,. She was having some advertising issues with the New York dating news, and in fact, a net,. A make of net. The Donald Trump at that time, because my father was friendly with him,. He's gone because she was also from Czechoslovakia, where my dad was home. So, I don't, I don't remember if I didn't need to or not. In 1990, you did make that, but that's how I knew about, that was the Trump. And this was before you met. This was before you met. Yes. So, I was already going back and forth to America, and then,. April of 1991, I came to New York, but, I can't remember for what reason,. , Business reason, that there was a business, it's something to do with my dad at that time. And the girlfriend of mine, who, an American, told me I, I, I broken up with my mom. I've been, engaged, getting, the very long time boy, trying to be broken up. So I could, you know, see the girlfriends do, what a guy who's meet, like, who is it? And she goes, it's, he's been dating my sister, and you're loving, he's looking for a way. I'm edging towards 30. I don't need to tell you guys that's a very important moment for a girl,. To, like, think about the quarter things. , She's already been happy with Newton. And, I think the most memorable thing I can think about that is he was wearing a tie,. Which he didn't offer, didn't have a giant, it's monthly catch-up thing, but it sounds like,. Just personally? Or were you, were you there for work, for later reasons? Not where I, I mean nothing about, but I, he just invited me to come and have tea. But the book was all unusual within his offices. So I went to his offices and we met. And I've come from very engaging and, that was that. So, okay. So that's how you meet him. So, and again, I don't want to spend a lot of time,. You know, on, on this particular issue, but what happened with your relationship. Over the years from the time you meet him in 1991, up until the time he passed away. Just give the highlights. Okay. So, I, I was looking up a real estate. So that's how it started. And then in 1991, my father passed away. Take the family and, we lost all our businesses and my family thought that we'd. Be best to pass aid in America because of the intensity of the press and the drama surrounding. And you can decorate the house and decorate something. And while we're just, with respect to your father, there have been, multiple. Questions about whether he worked for any intelligence agency. Do you have any. Knowledge about that? , I think most certainly my father had, background in intelligence. Doing it because he was, I believe he did in the second novel he was an. Intended, a British intelligence officer. , I think that might sort of believe. Was that once you've been an intelligence officer, you're kind of always, it doesn't. Mean that you're formally employed, so I don't think my dad in any formal sense was a, you know,. Employed by the any agency, but when, they're very significant, businessmen,. Competition as my father was, you meet with people who are kind and you,. I guess, traitors with ideas. I think if it's out before under that definition,. That's how I would think it might be certainly, I have no formal knowledge of anything. Specific to you that he did in that thing, but if you're asking me, I think that he did help. People. Yeah. Your father and Mr. Epstein have a business relationship over the years. I know we're maybe jumping around a little bit. They haven't met. So, as far as you know,. Then everything's met. No, I know they never met. I know they never met. Well, how do you know they never met? Just categorically know they never met. Well, because. You know, because I was still trying not to be sucked back into the family business,. And I told him that I had met Mr. Epstein. And the reason why I shared that I'd met. Mr. Epstein, because, I believed at that time that Epstein worked for Bastards,. And with a screenbook. So, my dad can't visit actually in the year, I think,. If I'm not, I mean, I don't think I had this conversation on the phone that I,. I was talking 30 years ago, so I'm not sure. But, if I, I, maybe I told him this,. A screenbook to ask what sort of guy he was, and was he even allowed to, because,. But, so, they never, they never met, but they had, they, they knew some of the. Same people, sounds like, were certainly the Bear Stearns connection, was something that. That you, that you knew that they had. No, well, he never had a connection with Epstein,. He had a connection with the bank. I mean, Epstein, I'd never heard of him or you and. Him before, and I certainly, if my dad had known him right, when I said this was who he was,. He didn't know who he was. So, he rang Ace and he rang Jimmy to ask if it was okay,. Do such a bit. And, one of them was to be, hands on an IRA, kidnapped and murdered. And so, after. That happened, more than a other related, I don't want to bore you with all the horrible. Things in that thing, but, if you want it with details, of course, if I can, but,. After that happened, my father wanted to put a lot of protection in this thing. And,. I declined. That was a very life-restricted, you know, all of a sudden, I know you understand. That. And, so, he had told me that, you know, taking my life in my hands and,. Whatever. And so, I think after that, you know, it's in several others where I had to be,. Because, you know, that one has, he was always quite detected. And so, if I met somebody,. He would try and, verify that they weren't going to do anything hideous. And so,. In case you thought it was weird that he would call Jimmy and, Ace, it might, you know,. You may think it is, but in my, from my perspective, he was just because he was. Concerned. I was in America alone, and he had an opportunity to verify who this person was. And so, I don't know if I was in the room with him. I don't know if it was, but I know. That at some point, my father told me he's fine. You can see him. Yeah. He's safe. Okay. Well, okay. So, we might come back and touch a little bit more on that at some point, but,. That's helpful. Thank you. So, okay. So, you're, you're now in the 90s, and your friends with. Mr. Epstein, your house, the decorate in the house, or the apartment, what, what happens. With your relationship? Again, I know we're talking about a 35 year time spirit,. But to the extent you can kind of, at a very high level, talk about it. So, in 1992, I was talking about one time, and I was like, whoa, that's it. We're going. To be dating, because that's how I thought. And, then I kind of thought of myself in that. Moment, like, because if you, I thought, if you sat in someone, that you were a baby. Thank you. That's the world I came for. , But that really was, well, that's how. I thought. And, but we didn't sleep together again for, I don't know, really,. We had to compare the time. And then I came. But years or? Right. , I don't know if you think, yeah, I, I feels, I feels lonely, but maybe. Nine months, I mean, a long time. , I just want to go back. So, I had found,. A house for him to rent in New York, because he would ask me, I'd build a. Company for my father, and I found one, which was, a former Iranian embassy, I think it was,. I think it belonged to the Iranians, or the Iraqis. Come on. Here we go. And, I didn't know that he had any money, but even it was, I wanted to say it was. I found this house, but I don't think you can include it. It was, of course,. I feel, we rent it. And that house came with, it was a state department house, because it. That was like the music, and he, he had to go back, and he gave it back to the country. So, he had this house, and I had, moved into a 10 foot, by 10 foot,. Apartment, because all of that stuff had been, I don't know, the prison,. So,. He became a Muslim at that time, because I was, like, everything was about very similar. To this,. Anyway, so, but I had no teachers house, I had no free access. To this house. And then the entire time that he lived there, which was, like, even to the beginning of. I never slept with someone like him. I have a new book. So you know, you have to be able to get a new book. But you, oh, so you, you said a minute ago that, the first, that you, slept with him on one. Occasion, and at the time you remember thinking, you know, that this meant you were in a relationship,. But then it didn't, you really were not in that type of relationship. Did that change, between '91 and '92, and years forward? Actually, and then, no, that's not true. Yeah, the house, and probably, she had a house in, Ohio. Okay. And he had the house in Ohio because, his business relationship with, Mr. Wexner. And he had, and I had to go and decorate, and put that house together. So, you, you stayed, so when you would travel with him to his house is in Palm Beach,. Ohio, or even just traveling, if it was just traveling with him, you would, stay in the same bed. So, sleep in the same bed with him. Yeah. Okay. So, that's until we already had a, car condition. A car condition. A car condition. Okay. Well, let's come back. We're going to obviously spend some time, a lot of time on the actual conduct that he was accused of. So, we'll come back for that. So, pick up where you, where you were talking about you traveling around with him. Yeah. Until around '96, that time you just, I believe you said that he was basically your life, like you're with him pretty regularly. Well, I, no. So, I never was with him. That is one of those miscellaneous. I mean, at the beginning, I did see him all the time, but I worked in his office. So, I would go to the office and I would see him, and I would count in my head when I would see him, and I would count that I would see. That'd be a day that I would see. But I didn't, I never ever stayed with him. I believe, certainly until '92 and '94, what I didn't know is that I completely stole his actual property, who is, either Anderson, who became either Jimmy. So, they had been together, my understanding. I think about 10 years, I'm not sure, but that's what I think, 10 years. I don't care if that was true, but my family's not true. So, they were staying together, up until, I think, '94, when, at something, in that period, had either met Glenn Dubin, and they got married. I don't even know that when they got married. But her, she was his husband, and he was everything. He told me that he was rich, that he had married her, and had a child with her. And I know that they, she was kind of, from his whole life. And I think, even, I'm not sure this is true that you guys belong to Mrs. Cooler, when he came from back from Paris, and he arrested him, I don't know if evil is on the plane. Now, I think that either I read it in the, in the discovery that I received, or I saw it somewhere, but even if she wasn't on the plane, there must have been some email communication where she was in Paris at the same time, it would have played that. One of the other, I don't know which one is the correct person, but, so they were still obviously very close, and remains throughout, and had a fact. He, he was sort of, and so I also know now, which I didn't know at the time, was that he still looks another one. And I know that now, because I can see it from them plate logs, and I know it now, because I can see from the email,. I can see from the emails. So you know from the case that what happened, I didn't know that a lot. So, okay, so just, and we're going to spend time on everything you're talking about, but just to kind of close out big picture your relationship. So, we're now in the late 90s, continue on with, again, saying high level to the extent you can about your relationship with him. So, I believe the first thing that he purchased after was the branch in New Mexico. And so what he had tasked me with, I think that was purchased in '94, and that. So he had tasked me, one of the things that we did was visit, in my mind, I say, every state, but it wouldn't have been every state, but many states, to go look at real estate. And so, I know we went to Montana, I know we went to Utah, and it was, it was, to go look at real estate, I can't, to be honest. And then I arranged last day going to New Mexico, and he just loved New Mexico. And then, I don't remember how the branch happened, I don't remember that now it's lost. And then he ended up buying the branch in, I think, I'm right, it came from, what the tellers who they have in the government, and bought the branch. And then, I had to deal with that, and dealing with that was the extent. So, I mean, the way that I was myself, or the way that I think is the best way to explain how it would be my role as a general manager, because each property to me was like, I had held. So, the branch was very challenging, because not only that, but it had be a lemonade. So, to have a lemonade would be a lemonade to have a tackle. And I love lemonade. So, the first thing, of course, is, so I wanted to, again, have a branch. If you're not going to have the things that make it special. So, were you, were you paid by him along the way? So, I became, I became salaried at some point. That's my memory. I'm going to be gone. And then, with each, as it became all this, because I can't continue, it's going to hurt. And, but it. Did you, and financially, you were not relying on him, the 25, 000, amount you were paid, were you relying on that money to live, and his generosity to live? Would you have your own, your own money? So, there's a. And again, I, I want to just make sure we're talking about, like, keeping it between, like, the late 90s, you know, maybe, I guess, I'm doing a little bit, 2000s. I just want to hit something on the head right now. There's some tremendous amount of recording inside that I had a, that's not smart. Thank you. A trust fund? I haven't had a trust fund. So, how did you live, did you live with, with, I mean, 25, 000 is not enough to live on? So, so I had dreams, great time, secret, secret, serious board support, I've come to see. I mean, in relation to my father's class. And, and to establish whether I had been involved in any way that his, business will be, should I get this? , Okay. I've told the story many times, and it's now somewhat hip-hop football, but I'll tell you what it, my memory is, because I received a lesson from them that said,. I had nothing. That was very, it's never involved in any of his business, whatever. So, that was free. So, but you're, you know, obviously your, your father and your family had a lot of businesses. , Is it because the money, whatever money, equity was in the businesses, just stayed? No, there was no money. So, my father was never attached to money. He was, born a peasant, a real one, dirt floor, no shoes, no clothes, with no sunglasses, but not, you know. Sorry, I didn't say, nothing. And he never, he was never into that. I mean, there were things that, he had to see extravagances. He loved his boat, and he couldn't. So, obviously, he didn't have money for that, but there was no nothing else. And there was not a single penny that came to any of us, at any time, ever. Okay, so, so when you're talking about your life with Mr. Epstein in the 90s, you're, you're not, you're, you're very different financially. You're very different financially positioned than he is, meaning he's giving you money. He's paying for your, when you fly, he as soon as days of your flights. Yes. Okay. , Okay. So, you, you, I interrupted you when you were saying, you were functioning as your manager, you helped with the New Mexico ranch. So, I continued, in 2000, well, in, by 1999, our relationship had found it. And, why? I'd, well, two reasons. We were never sleeping together again. So, we stopped having sexual relations in 1999. No. Full sex. Sorry. To be clear. We don't mean that we didn't still share events, but really some times we weren't there. , He had another girlfriend. Quite the girlfriend's. , I defended, he knew that it was over, after 9/11, actually. Because, we were both in New York. And I don't know, is he in New York? And, 9/11. Yeah. , And it was a scary time to, you know, you didn't know, I didn't know, nobody knew what was going on. At all? I saw his mum, everyone very close to losing the hospital at Lennox Hill. And then I knew, because I didn't even do it at that time, he was not going to be there for someone to know, and maybe he never was going to be there. Are you, though, still on his, are you still being paid by him at this point? Yes. , Okay, so, so, go ahead. So, what, what, you, at that point, when you say you realize, kind of,. Well, let me, I'm talking about the, the, I had, there was a, I wanted to get married. And, Ed still had encouraged me to believe that we, I don't know about them. So, the, by the late 90s, I knew the marriage thought it was never going to happen. I had believed that maybe, in '19, '77, maybe, but then I realized it wasn't that. But I did think that we might have a child, which was what I had really wanted to do. , And, I realized it. So, okay, so, what happens between 2001 and then 2019, what's your relationship with him? So, give or take 2001. So, we stopped having a physicality. I mean, that doesn't mean you weren't friends. I certainly did stay sometimes in this room. I mean, friends who benefit you are, just not sex. So, just don't. , And, I started dating, and I met someone that I, very much ended up in 2000. , His name was Ted White. , Ted White, who I know as the founder of David, coaches. No. Well, indirectly, I suppose you could say, you know, they never met. , I was, as a dinner where I met Ted, but it wasn't. And, at Steam, I have to blame him. , And I was a dinner, and Ted came to the dinner. So, I guess, indirectly, soon, and so it was, his brain, but I'd been there anyway without him. I had, it was not that I was asking on the plane when you guys were. , That trip? Yes. Oh, well, yes. So when you say, the dinner was well, it was well. Okay. Okay. And so the, you had flown over with, like, so who was on the plane? That trip? I don't mean everybody. When you said Mr. Upson was on the plane? Yes. You were on the plane? Yes. , Who else? That you can remember. I'm not, you know, you only know what you remember. President Clinton on the plane? , David, he would have had his, guy, Duncan, Vance, and then Jason Cooper, where he had to get to. Well, it was, I don't think Ted would have been there had it not been a, it was a President Clinton dinner, and Ted came with President Clinton not to do with Mr. Epstein,? Yes. That's why I say that. Okay. So you're, you're, so in the time that you're dating, that you're with him to 2009, are you still working for Mr. Upson during that time? Yes, sir. Here's, so, I believe you say that Jackie tried very hard, he started trying very hard to keep me, to work with Harry, because, I mean, this is a complex opportunity. I'm not talking about anything, until just, as she sighs of her project, I'm thinking about construction projects, the houses, the staff, it's a, it's a really significant journey. And I ran all the properties, the staff in the property, the management of the properties, that, and the construction. But it, it was, these are very significant projects. And so, that was what I did, and I managed the budget. Well, not, I didn't manage the budget, so I just wanted to make sure that, if you said you bought an out there, a very conditionally important, I saw an air conditioning car, and I can call the, the island manager, did you receive the carrier, whatever, you know. I wanted to say 9 to 6, 9 to 7, something like that. So in 2009, you end your relationship with Ted. Okay. So in that time period, what happens next, as far as your relationship with Mr. Epstein? You don't have one of them, like, you don't see him, or it's just a different relationship. But I was not seeing him. The only time that I was in touch with him was when things happened, like things I knew in the press, but effectively, when the CBRA case was filed, and then the rubbish that went out, because I didn't get information, because I didn't know, I didn't know anything about what was happening, and I needed stuff. A town, I didn't expect him to replace that. I didn't mean his health. I meant to have answers, so that I had an ability to defend myself. I'm not doing anything about it. When does that relationship change? You're working, you talked about when the physical relationship stopped, and then you're still working for him, or with him, managing his properties, and being serving as a general manager. You then start your own relationship with another individual, with Ted, from 2003 to 2009 or 2010. At what point in that whole period is there more of a break, where you're no longer acting as his general manager? I wanted to have a full break when I started dating Ted, and he was clever. I suppose it would be true to say that I would sort of do this actually in that place, with a family of people, like someone I could rely on, and I should have had the confidence in myself. I can see that now, but at the time, given everything that had happened in my life, I thought that it was, and I saw how his voice were other people, like either, who seemed to be very comfortable, and I thought this would be, and he always said I was like family, so he worked hard to maintain a relationship with me, he was generous with me. Todd, I don't know, we've been going for maybe about an hour now. It's a good time. So we'll take a break. All right, so we're going to take a break. The time is 10. 56. We're continuing the proper interview with Ms. Maxwell, the time is 11. 07 A. M. On Thursday, July 24. All right, so just picking up where we just stopped. So you have basically a break. Well, not a break. That's the wrong word, but your relationship with Mr. Maxwell, professional and other changes in 2003. Yeah, I mean, over the time that I stay with Ted, the more time I'm with Ted, the more distance I have with him. And then when the arrest, well, let's go back, when he went over, whatever happened in 2005 and he became arrested in 2000. So when he's charged and arrested in what we'll call the Florida investigations, that's what you're talking about. Okay, go ahead. So I had, I was not in, well, part of that investigation. Did law enforcement ever talk to you as far as that? Did you, like, the feds never talked to you? The FBI never talked to you. No, not as far as I'm aware. Now, if they did, I don't know it. And I have, I have no idea about that, to be honest. But I'm not aware of it. And I would say no. But maybe you guys do things that I don't know. So how did, how did you learn of that case when Mr. Epstein was arrested? Or did you know that something was happening before then? The first thing I knew was he had told me he was deciding to redecorate the house and in Palm Beach. But, but that time, are you doing, are you, like he tells you because he wants your help or your relationship change by this time where you were no longer kind of acting as, as his general manager? No, I was, I was still around. I wasn't gone. I was with Ted. I was traveling. I wasn't daily. If you'd asked me where he was in any given time, I'm not sure I would have known them. I mean, it was, I felt like, I suppose the relationship moved into sort of like a long-term friend, family, you know, like, like I felt he had with Eva, if I'm honest. Yeah, okay. So, so he says to you, he's going to redecorate the Palm Beach house. He asked me specifically which decorator he thinks he should use because I had a lot of contacts with decorators and he was not very good with people. And he was useless at maintaining relationships with people who work for him. I'm not. So, anyways, I recommended, I think I recommend it. I can't be 100% sure because it's a long time, but I think I recommended Mark Zeph at that time. Okay. But, I ended up in Palm Beach and he had asked me to come and look at the swatches he was doing because they had laid it all out over the house and various things. And I think he'd ask for my opinion. That's my memory of this. It may also be that Ted and I were going to Palm Beach because Ted had a golf match or something. There was a reason I was in Palm Beach. It wasn't so leaf. I don't, maybe that's not true either. I don't know. So, there's a, you know, sometimes I went to Palm Beach because Ted was there. I don't know if that's part of that time, or the Ted went there and left me. I don't know. Something. Anyway, I was there. No, that's not about that either. No. Anyway, at some point in that time, I saw all the swatches at some point in 2005, I think that was. And then I believe I don't remember. I think I got a phone call, actually. I wasn't in Palm Beach. I think I got a phone call that there was a police at his house or something. Definitely not him. Okay. I think it would have been the house. So when that happens, whenever it was, that's kind of the first time you know that Mr. Epstein's being investigated for. I didn't even understand. Okay. I didn't have a context for that. It was like, I didn't even know. I didn't know. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I'm not sure what I thought. I was like, after you find out about it, what happens with your relationship? I asked him. I asked him what was going on. And he said, " Not to worry. Nothing. Nothing. Take care. Don't worry about it. ". And then it would work quite. I didn't even say, didn't share. I wasn't part of it at all. I was off with Ted and I really just. So that case goes on. Ultimately, it ends. What was a relationship like with him during that case when he goes. And he goes, " I'd like you to stay on board to manage the properties, animals, this and that, and just stay put and not continue to pay you in case there's any emergency I don't trust anyone. ". Well, and you said continue to pay you. And he couldn't. He'd never stop paying me. So even when your relationship changes, you're getting. Does the amount increase from the 25, 000 or so a year in the beginning? Like, well, how much are you getting paid yearly? I think it ended at the time. Well, we have different payment structures, and I'm happy to explain how that was. But I think salary-wise, if I'm right, it ended around a quarter of a million a year. A quarter of a million, 250, 000. And when did it end? When was that? 2008 Or 9? Okay. So, and over the years, it increased from what you said, what you thought, about 25, 000 to 250, 000. That's between, like, early '90s until 2009 or '10, whatever he stopped. Is that right? Yes. And how were you paid? W2. W2, from what company? He just booed me around over to this company that I didn't care. And I didn't understand any rhyme or reason, it doesn't matter. And do you do that? I do. We'll not manage everything, no. I mean, there are other people at this point. So, it's a great role, then, was very, very diminished. I reviewed the bill structure that came from the constructions, it was still me, the island. And wherever else I was going, Paris, at this point, because I speak French, I'm fluent in French. And also, my relationship was with French decorator, it was critical to him. In the triangle, and that he trusted. Did you not steal from him? So, when he gets out of jail, between that time, 2009 and 2010, and 2019, what's your relationship. I had just moved on, and I just didn't want to have anything. I don't think there were any trips. Oh, I don't think so. Where were you living during that time period? Which time period? I was back in New York. So, you had no. So, you had phone calls with him on occasion? Yes. Well, I certainly did. And I did email him at that time for those types of details. It was like, what do I do? I mean, that's right. And then, when he's charged in New York, federally, how did you learn about that case? And had you, as far as you know, been contacted by law enforcement for his arrest? No. I wasn't in an indictment. No, I know that, but even as a witness, or asking you if you would give documents or materials. Honestly, I don't, I want to say until he had died. I'm pretty sure that happened, right? But my understanding is that they had not shown any interest. No, Sam. Look at the subject of New York. And that they had been in regular, in touch with them. But now you're talking about after Mr. Epstein died, or are you talking about before he died? I think. If you can't remember. My memory is that they were in touch with them when he was arrested. I don't know if anything happened until after his death, then after that. I don't think they saw them, met with them. The sub-district of New York, I'm talking about now, until after he died. I know that they were in regular telephone contact with them, and that my lawyers believed. That they had been told that there was no interest in me. But maybe stand is too big a word, but surprised. I certainly was. Okay, so that was a long description of what was a very long life, and that was very helpful. So I want to go back and talk more specifically now about particular areas, but that was a very helpful kind of foundation for us. The first thing I want to talk about, you talked about earlier on about Mr. Epstein's financial success. Do you know how he, when you first meet him at some point, you say, " I got this place for you. I can tell you what he told me. So I know that he was hired from working at a private school whose name eludes me at this point. But Dalton, he was working at Dalton and was a math teacher. And he met, I think it was Ace, I'm not sure. He met someone from Bear who hired him because he was very good at math. And I believe that he then worked on creating a trading of, just describe what it's about. Not as systems so much, but as a, as a, as a vehicle, a trading vehicle. And this is why he was working at Bear. So this is what he told you. This is what he told me, himself. Do you know that? To be true or no? Jay Epstein and company, you ever heard that? Yeah, yes. So, hang on a minute. So I, this I did not know, but this I had subsequently learned is that he had some problem or some issue at Best Times. And there was some, I don't know, disagreement. He wasn't fired. It was obviously, he was still very friendly with Ace and with Jimmy, at least by the time I met him. Well, working with him and he ran, he had money at Best Times. But he started, he told me himself that he started a business where he looked for stolen money. So, if somebody, let's see. I'm trying to think of some intelligent way to say it, but I can't think of anything. I've been with, not read out. I'll, I'll give it to you. So let's say you have El Chapo. Where he comes from. But anyway, we've got El Chapo. And he moves it to wherever. So he's got stolen money from the similar lower goes to it. I'm just. I'm just coming up with something in my head. And we'll go and find the billion dollars and we'll take a portion of the money that was stolen at the fee and give back. I mean, that would be on a percentage basis. Like what you just described, which I appreciate, which is, I don't know. Practically speaking, he was more of a businessman. So here's how I think it started is that he had a girlfriend. He had to go to always to the girls. Maybe not whilst we're here, but I don't know. And he, she was the daughter of a billionaire, for instance. I think that's how that business started. That's what I remember. And is that something he told you about or something that happened while you knew him? No, something he told me before I met him. He doing to make money that you see? Does he have famous clients? And how, if he does have clients, what services he's providing them? He does have, well, obviously there's the one very famous client that everybody talks. About, which is Les Wexner. And that was a very important client to him. About what he managed for Les? Yep. I wanted to just make, you understand, I was not part of everything's business world,. Except tangentially and obviously. So what I'm talking about is what I observed or what I overheard or what I saw within. The business, but I wasn't responsible for any of the clients' money or anything like that. So it's separate. Yep, I understand. So with Les, for instance, it was really all encompassing. I know that. And I was in business meetings with him on the plane when they were there. So I could observe and I could hear some of this. And whilst I'm not necessarily terribly business sophisticated, I'm sophisticated enough. To be able to at least have some knowledge of what was happening. So then he restructured the business. He restructured his entire personal finances and would also handle all of the investment. Strategy. I don't know if it was 100 percent. Sorry, yes. I thought this is all Wax that I'm talking about now. So let's say you had a billion dollars to invest. Verse. Him in percentages. So there would be a deal. Did you understand it to be like a flat fee? Was he a business partner? So let's say this is a conversation that Epstein told me. So it illustrated for me. So if I saved someone$ 5 billion, he would take a flat percentage of that$ 5 billion. So you think that is up because you heard him talking about that? It would be a combination of both. I certainly told me that. And I heard him talk to people like that. I couldn't. No. No. Did he give Mr. Waxner a gift of property in New York to Mr. Epstein? So I don't know what the business deal was. Because again, I'm not part of his business thing. But I think what happened would be that let's say he best owed him in theoretically for. His services$ 100 million it was. But do you know that happens? Do you remember whether there were conversations about that? Or are you just thinking that could be one way that it happened? I'm not sure. And I'm not trying to, I just don't remember if that's something I know or if that's something. That I remember or if it's something that I subsequently know. I believe that to be what happened. But I don't want to tell you that I have. I think I wasn't there. And I don't know how it happened. I know what less is said in the press. What you've kind of read, not from any first-hand knowledge. You weren't there. You weren't part of that. And so you don't know anything about whatever business relationship they may have had, Mr. Epstein. Never spoke about him, never mentioned it. I only learned about that, whatever that is. I don't even know what the truth is of that story from the press. How about Leon Black? Do you know Leon? When do you remember, and again, I know we're talking about apparently and so ago,. But do you remember approximately when you met him? Friends of mine. How Leon and Epstein became really good friends, I'm not sure. But not through you, as far as you're talking. Not through me as far as I know. I'm sure that's not through me. Do kind of work Mr. Epstein was doing for Mr. Black over the years? So, we just talked about two individuals. And again, I know we're talking about maybe a 15-year time period or even longer. Well, why don't I just give you the names that I remember? Elizabeth Johnson, Johnson and Johnson. As far as you know, when did the relationship between Mr. Johnson and Mr. Epstein start? Yes, we're talking '90s, we're talking about when I was there. How did the relationship start? I don't know how he became that friendly boy. He ended up managing her money. I mean, I really had a separate life. But it wasn't from you? No, it was not. You have to understand, it went down to tiny details. I remember, this I remember, this is an actual memory, that he would make the contracts for the mates, for the people who worked in their homes. So he would assist his clients at times with, you're saying, with even small things, like contractual relations. He said no detail was too small, because everything that affected how they lived and how they managed their life was something that he felt he was, if they wanted it would be responsible for, to make sure that the contracts,. So that if you had to fire someone, it wouldn't come back to sue you, or that sort of thing. Yeah, I do know Jess. Who's that? He was, that woman standing, and at bar case. What, do you know whether he and Mr. Epstein had a relationship? Well, not a physical one. I didn't suggest it. No, I'm saying a relationship in the broader sense of word, business, personal, both. Yes, both. Okay, and do you know when they met? No, I, no, I don't know when they met. , But you can time it. No, I don't know that you can. No, I don't know. So, but what was the nature of their relationship as far as you know? I think they were friends, and I think that they were business partners. More partners, too strong a word, but they were, they did business together. So, did you, again, I want to stay focused on the time when you were the most involved in his life. And the beginning of the 2000s, yes. Did you, so we talked about four people, so were there more? Oh, yes, I was more. Can I get my book? Maybe I wrote them down. Sure. What book are you, what is that? Okay, great. Is that right? I just was curious what we're looking at. Not the birthday book. It's not the birthday book. No, we're going to come to that, I'm sure. I just want you to understand, my memory is not as good as it was because when I was in Brooklyn,. I was in the shoe for almost two years, and I was on suicide watch for almost two years,. Which meant that they woke me up every 15 minutes for the entire time. I understand. I just made some names in advance of it. And then you're happy to look at them. It's not. One is Wexner, two is daily, three is Lee on black. Who's that? Okay. What was there? I mean, if you can -- do you know about when that relationship started? Well, it wouldn't have been before they got married, for sure. So we were going to start going to date that from wherever that was. A hybrid to JPMorgan. Okay. There's a woman -- well, he -- there's a woman in Ohio. I just can't think of her name, but it will -- I tried to remember it yesterday. So this is a good thing, like, you know, as you think of things, write it down. Yeah. So you'll have time to think about this, especially today, this afternoon, overnight,. I mean, if you basically find a billionaire, a female. So the woman in Ohio was wealthy. That was huge. So you can find her because it'll be in the museum. So that's her. So he -- that was one of Mr. Epstein's clients. She was one of Mr. Epstein's clients. Yes. , Well, I think that there was people -- other people that he would, like, assist. , I know that he helped Lynn Forrester, who became Lynn DeRoth child. And when you say help, the same help in business, or what will help with it? I have no idea what he did for her, I know he helped her financially. So -- but I don't -- again, I'm not inside his business. I don't believe that to be true. Why didn't -- so you say you don't believe it to be true, but show me why I think that. And I know you've been talking about it, that he was very -- he was very conscientious. He was very good at math. He was -- took -- paid a lot of attention to his clients, but -- but yes, you're right. Involved in what he did. And you don't believe it. Well, I -- let me rephrase that. If there was fraud, I never saw it. What I saw, or what I felt, when I -- his -- I ran the office. I mean, Brian, I didn't -- I was responsible for the staff. They were lawyers. They were accountants. I never heard him. I never -- I never felt anything -- I don't know, icky. About that. We can talk about that now. There are a lot of allegations about him, which we should talk about, and we can do. That now, and the fact that he abused young women. Yes. Which means the way that I'm defining abuse, as has been why the reporter, is that -- that. He would cause young women in high school to be recruited to come to his house and. Give them massages, and the port of -- and as part of that, he would sexually abuse. Yes. So I want to talk about that, but as it relates to black male, the question is whether. You're aware of any time that any of the individuals we're talking about, and we'll. Talk about others, receive massages from women who are under 18, or may have been. Under 18, and that whether there was any sexual assaults or sexual contact between. Potentially, to black male them, and say, you have to continue to work with me, or. To give me money, or else I'm going to tell the world that you did this. I think this is a really good place to start with how this story began. Okay. So even -- let's assume that premise is correct, that he was doing that, and he. Was going to tell everybody, you know, going to say, oh, you know, you have. Been in appropriate relations with an underage girl, if you don't have video. Or photographic evidence, I'm not sure that even the FBI would take that -- well,. Maybe today, but certainly not back then -- would take that seriously. So you have to have something to say, hey, you know, look, I've got this video. Of you doing terrible things, and you need to. I put the -- the electricians in for the wiring. Private area of a home. In a room where there were massages given? I would say I would define appropriate surveillance to be the front door of a house,. Or potentially as in 71st Street, the physical plant. But when you say the houses, you're talking about his New York brownstone. Yes. You're talking about the island in the Caribbean. Yes. You're talking about the residence in Palm Beach. And you're talking about the ranch in New Mexico. Yes. And then Paris. I'm playing. -- With a plane that was about my turn. Yes. I didn't have any electricity on the plane. So unequivocally, from what you know, and you only know what you know. I only know what I know. But from what you know, you do not believe a camera exists, or a video camera,. Or a camera that takes pictures inside any of his residences. Correct. So even the appropriate cameras that you just talked about,. Did you know whether there was any cameras that you're aware of inside any of the locations? Never. With one exception. Okay. And the reason -- so in Palm Beach, Epstein was having money stolen. He called him the Palm Beach Police, and they, the Palm Beach Police, installed cameras. Where was that, do you remember? So the house on the ground floor was -- he had a desk sort of in a corner. I think there was another camera. I think there were two or maybe three cameras. I believe only on the ground floor, wherever he may have had. When was this? I think I can date it for you precisely, actually. 2003, I'm pretty firm on that date. And he was my thief. Money from Mr. Epstein, you're not aware of any cameras at the island. You were not in your head, no. Myself, I would consider normal. The garage gate, something like that, a front door. There were cameras inside in the 71st street that did the plant, the physical plant,. The commercial building. That's a real thing, that's a commercial building. Front door, as I recall, but there were no other cameras inside the house. How about photographs? Anybody in compromising positions with women or with anybody? Did you ever hear, when you were president for conversations Mr. Epstein was having or others were having, anybody accused him of blackmailing. Them or of trying to extort them because of something Mr. No. There have been, and you, you, in the discovery you got in the New York. Case. Yes. Epstein, have you ever been given or been ever been told that video exists. Like what we're talking about or photos were taken that were compromising? The civil case. I never saw anything, I don't know how old some of these women were. There were definitely some of the victims from Palm Beach that photographs. Were there any of the people you've talked about? Were there men with the victims or were they just photographs of the. Where they just photographs of the victims. They would be stand alone for want of a better word, like modeling shots. If you were, if you were, I don't know. Pictures that Epstein had with the girls, but not Epstein with the. Clients and the girls. Correct. Did you, I understand you said you got those in the discovery. That Mr. Epstein had on his computer or wherever he had them. Some of them, absolutely, because they were in his house. I mean there was, I've never seen some of them. I accept that having video or photographs of somebody famous or powerful in a. So separate, putting aside what you've said about the fact that you. Don't know of any existence of those. Did you observe over the years the folks we're talking about or others,. Which we can talk about, getting massages from young women? So I just, I think it's really helpful to understand a few things that. Has been missed in this whole Michigan. I thought about this obviously a lot and I've given it some, so this is the. Benefit of, some benefit of what I saw and some benefit of what I now think. So just for clarity's sake. I think, I just want to say for the record that I do believe that. Our team did a lot of, not all, but some of what he's accused of. And I'm not here to defend him in any respect. I don't want to and I don't think he requires nor deserves any type of. Protection or for me in any way to sugarcoat what he did or didn't do. So, that's that. However, the man I met and the man he became. I believe that there is a progression. And I don't think that the man I met is the man that he became. I believe he became that man over a period of time. Now, we can discuss anything you want and I'll tell you everything I know. But I think somebody who has an interest, however you define that in. Underage people is obviously someone who is unwell. But I don't think that you wake up one day and you start doing what he's. Accused of. I think this is something that you, the develop, or you progress to. I think. Glenn, before you get into all that, let's answer the top line question and then get into it. Okay, the top line question is, did you ever see any of these people with. No, no. So the reason I'm saying that is not to avoid that question. But it's because by the time we were talking in the 90s, I don't think he was there. There's that description. I think that this, what you were talking about is a later version. Yeah. Does that, is that? No, I understand that. And I do want to talk. I'm not. So it's just, I think you need to separate the periods of time. Because it, this, one of the things that was definitely missing in my trial, and definitely. Missing from the narrative, is this notion, this, everything happened. And he was always, but no, I, I don't believe that to be true. So, I'm, that's, that's fine. And I do want to talk about that. I'm not, I'm not pushing that away. I'm just putting it aside for a moment. What Mr. Epstein did, and, and frankly what, what you did, or accused of doing, is one. Thing that I, that we'll talk about.
